Update doc: add known incompatible tools (#83)
ilearnio/module-alias: README.md

}
```

More details on the [official documentation](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/resolve).

## Known incompatibilities

This module does not play well with:

- [Jest](https://jestjs.io), which discards node's module system entirely to use it's own module system, bypassing module-alias.

> - All kinds of front-end frameworks (React, Vue, ...), as they tend to use Webpack. Use Webpack's [resolve.alias](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/resolve/#resolvealias) mechanism instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Front-end JavaScript code. Do not expect it to work with frameworks like (React, Vue, ...) as they tend to use Webpack. Use Webpack's [resolve.alias](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/resolve/#resolvealias) mechanism instead.
```

Reviewer: Also maybe this line should be first

Author: Great idea. Thanks !
